I've compiled a checkoff list for myself of the modifications you
requested in this afternoon's meeting.  Here it is so you can see sooner
rather than later if I have captured any of the requests incorrectly.
We can use this as a master list when we review the next round of
samples to determine if everything has been done.

You may see some redundancy in the list; I have intentionally listed
separately anything which involves touching different places in the
code in an attempt to be as scrupulous as possible in catching and
fixing everything which needs to be changed.

  1. Add letterhead logo to org mailer.

  2. Change "PDQ Organization Update" in header of org mailer to
     "PDQ/Cancer.gov Organization Update".

  3. Change Month, DD, YYYY to Month YYYY in org mailer header.

  4. Drop "National Cancer Institute's PDQ Database Organization
     Information Update" from top of org mailer.

  5. Drop address from top of org mailer (will be on address sheet
     generated separately).

  6. Change PDQ to PDQ/Cancer.gov throughout first paragraph of
     org mailer.

  7. Change "CIPS Contact Information" to "Primary Contact Information"
     on first page of org mailer.

  8. Add name of CIPS Contact person (if any) to Primary Contact
     Information address on first page of org mailer.

  9. Reduce spacing to 1 1/2 for contact information form on org
     mailer.

 10. Replace "Not specified" with underscored blank line on org
     mailer.

 11. Change "Publish E-Mail in PDQ Directory:" to "Publish E-Mail
     to PDQ/Cancer.gov Directory:" throughout org mailer.

 12. Move "For administrative use only" from footnote to immediately
     below Main Organization Fax line on org mailer (enclose in
     parentheses).

 13. Add "(For administrative use only)" below fax line for other
     locations on org mailer.

 14. Omit Affiliations headers as appropriate when no data present
     for org mailer [I assume this means you don't want the 
     "Affiliations" header itself if neither professional society 
     nor cooperative group memberships are present].

 15. Replace "no later than [date]" with "within 30 days" on last
     page of org mailer.

 16. Change "PDQ Directory Coordinator" to "PDQ/Cancer.gov Directory
     Coordinator" at end of org mailer.

 18. Change "PDQ Physician Update" to "PDQ/Cancer.gov Physician
     Update" for header of physician mailer.

 19. Print physician mailer with letterhead logo.

 20. Add professional suffix to physician name for physician mailer
     header.

 21. Change "Physician ID" to "Doc ID" in physician mailer header.

 22. Change date in physician mailer header to have only the month
     name followed by the year.

 23. Remove "National Cancer Institute's PDQ Database Physician
     Information Update" from top of physician mailer's first page.

 24. Remove Address from top of physician mailer's first page (will
     be on separate address sheet).

 25. Change "PDQ" to "PDQ/Cancer.gov" throughout first paragraph
     of physician mailer.

 26. Change "CIPS Contact Information" to "Primary Contact Information"
     on first page of physician mailer.

 27. Add physician's name preceding Primary Contact Information
     address on first page of physician mailer (but not for other
     locations).

 28. Use OrderParentFirst attribute to determine order of orgs
     in addresses in physician mailer.

 29. Reduce spacing to 1 1/2 for other contact information (phone,
     fax, etc.) on physician mailer.

 30. Change "Publish E-Mail in PDQ Directory" to "Publish E-Mail
     to PDQ/Cancer.gov" throughout physician mailer.

 31. Move "For administrative use only" from footnote to line
     immediately following fax on first page of physician mailer;
     add parentheses around note.

 32. Add "(For administrative use only)" below fax line for other
     practice locations on physician mailer.

 33. If no practice locations are found, leave one blank template
     on physician mailer.

 34. Change "Electronic" to "E-mail at primary contact" under
     "Preferred Contact Mode" on physician mailer.

 35. Change "Hardcopy" to "Mail" under "Preferred Contact Mode" 
     on physician mailer.

 36. Keep table titles on same page as beginning of tables in
     physician mailer if possible.

 37. Change title of fourth table in physician mailer from 
     "Clinical Trials Groups" to "NCI Clinical Trials Groups."

 38. Omit non-NCI clinical trials groups from fourth table
     in physician mailer.

 39. Drop Clinical Cancer Oncology Programs table from physician
     mailer.

 40. Change "your organization's listing in PDQ is accurate" to
     "your list in PDQ/Cancer.gov is accurate" on last page of
     physician mailer.

 41. Change "no later than [date]" to "within 30 days of receipt"
     on last page of physician mailer.

 42. Change "PDQ Directory Coordinator" to "PDQ/Cancer.gov 
     Directory Coordinator" on last page of physician mailer.

 43. Shrink margins if possible for status and participant site
     check mailers.

 44. Remove PUP ID from header for status and participant site
     check mailers.

 45. Remove Mailer ID from status and participant site check
     mailer cover letter.

 46. Remove Doc ID from status and participant site check mailer
     cover letter.

 47. Remove cover letter portion of status and participant site
     check mailer and start page 1 with information pertaining
     to the specific protocol.

 48. Provide for separate wording of non-coop group status and
     participant site check mailer's cover letter.

 49. Change "PDQ/CancerNet" to "PDQ/Cancer.gov" in cover letter
     for status and participant site check mailer.

 50. Change Month DD, YYYY to Month YYYY in header for status
     and participant site check mailer.

 51. Change "PDQ Status & Participant Site Check" to "PDQ/Cancer.gov
     Status & Participant Site Check" in header for status and
     participant site check mailers.

 52. Use original title at top of status and participant site
     check mailer's first page if present; otherwise use PDQ
     title.

 53. Use the protocol ID associated with the lead org to which
     the mailer is being sent for the status and participant
     site check mailers, not the primary ID for the whole 
     protocol, when generating the "Protocol ID:" line on the
     first page of the mailer.

 54. Change "Please indicate new status ..." to "If status has 
     changed, please indicate new status ..." on the first page
     of the status and participant site check mailers.

 55. Add " (Secondary)" to the name of the lead organization on
     the first page of the status and participant site check
     mailers if the lead org is secondary.

 56. Add the professional suffix on the "Protocol Personnel" line
     of the first page of the status and participant site check
     mailer, between the personal name and the role.

 57. Change "Sites" to "Site" as the header of the first column 
     of the table of participating organizations in the status
     and participant site check mailer.

 58. Change the sort order of the rows in the table of 
     participating organizations in the status and participant
     site check mailer to put all rows with Participating/Yes
     checked before rows with Participating/No checked, sorting
     alphabetically by organization name within these two sections.

 59. Change format of CDR document IDs to just the significant
     digits (without the "CDR" prefix) in the header for the 
     status and participant site check mailers.  For example,
     change "CDR0000294033" to "294033."
     
 60. Shrink margins on protocol abstract mailer if possible.

 61. Remove "CDR" and leading zeros from CDR document IDs in the
     header for the protocol abstract mailer.

 62. Add "PDQ/Cancer.gov Abstract Update" to the header for the
     protocol abstract mailer, on the top line of the header at
     the left margin.

 63. Remove the day of the month from the date in the header
     for the protocol abstract mailer.

 64. Insert more space between the "Protocol ID" line of the
     header and the other lines in the header for the protocol
     abstract mailer.

 65. Add a colon between "Protocol ID" and the actual ID in the
     protocol abstract mailer's header.

 66. Change "MailerDocID" to "Mailer ID" in the protocol abstract
     mailer's header.

 67. Add the ID for the protocol's CDR document to the header
     for the protocol abstract mailer, under the document ID
     for the mailer itself.

 68. Use the Protocol ID from /InScopeProtocol/ProtocolIDs-
     /PrimaryID/IDString, not from /InScopeProtocol-
     /ProtocolLeadOrg/LeadOrgProtocolID of the primary lead
     organization (thought they should be the same) for the
     protocol abstract mailer.

 69. Change "Protocol Status" to "Current Protocol Status" on
     the first page of the protocol abstract mailer.

 70. Change "Protocol Chairman" to "Protocol Personnel" on the
     first page of the protocol abstract mailer.

 71. Use first name, middle initial, last name, professional
     suffix, and role elements to construct the string for
     the Protocol Personnel line on the first page of the 
     protocol abstract mailer.

 72. Choose the /InScopeProtocol/ProtocolLeadOrg/LeadOrgPersonnel
     element which has a value other than "Update Person" for the 
     child PersonRole element for the Protocol Personnel line
     of the first page of the protocol abstract mailer.  There
     is guaranteed to be exactly one such LeadOrgPersonnel element
     under the ProtocolLeadOrg element designated as 
     "MailAbstractTo" for the personnel, which is the lead org
     from which we extract this person's information.

 73. Remove the "Protocol Activation Date" from the first page
     of the protocol abstract mailer.

 74. Move "Current Protocol Status" line up between "Protocol ID"
     line and "Lead Organization" line on the first page of the
     protocol abstract mailer.

 75. Insert additional vertical space before the "Eligible 
     Patient Age Range" line on the first page of the protocol
     abstract mailer.

 76. Insert the protocol's original title, if present, before
     the PDQ title on the first page of the protocol abstract
     mailer, preceded by the label "OriginalTitle:".

 77. Insert the label "PDQTitle:" before the PDQ title on the
     first page of the protocol abstract mailer.

 78. Include organization names (including parent organizations,
     as appropriate) in the address on the first page of the
     protocol abstract mailer.

 79. Order the organization names in the address on the first
     page of the protocol abstract mailer as dictated by the
     OrderParentFirst attribute.

 80. Add the ZIP code to the address on the first page of the 
     protocol abstract mailer.

 81. Add the country to the address on the first page of the 
     protocol abstract mailer.

 82. Add a "Protocol Phase:" line below the "Upper Age Limit:"
     line on the first page of the protocol abstract mailer.
     Include this line even if no data is present (though the
     protocol document would be invalid if there were no
     ProtocolPhase element occurrences present).  Multiple
     occurrences are concatenated in the same string, separated
     by ", " (comma + space).

 83. Add a "Protocol Design:" line immediately below the
     "Protocol Phase:" line on the first page of the protocol
     abstract mailer.  Do not include this line if there are
     no ProtocolDesign elements present in the document.
     Multiple occurrences are concatenated in the same string,
     separated by ", " (comma + space).

 84. Pull "Disease Retrieval Terms" from /InScopeProtocol-
     /ProtocolDetail/Condition and from /InScopeProtocol-
     /Eligibility/Diagnosis in protocol abstract mailer.

 85. Apply formatting instructions provided by inline markup
     in protocol abstract mailer.

 86. Use bold/italics for list titles in protocol abstract
     mailers.

 87. Don't automatically make list items out of free text not
     marked up as list items.

 88. If possible, use a symbol other than asterisk for third-
     level items in an itemized list in the protocol abstract
     mailers.

 89. Don't show abstract sections which are not present in the
     document as "Not abstracted" in the protocol abstract
     mailers; omit these altogether.

 90. Do not include any patient information in the protocol
     abstract mailers.

 91. Change "include the edited pages of this document" to
     "return the document in the enclosed envelope" on the
     last page of the protocol abstract mailer.

 92. Change "You may fax the information ..." to "You may also
     fax the information ..." on the last page of the protocol
     abstract mailer.

 93. Change "PDQ Protocol Coordinator" to "PDQ/Cancer.gov
     Protocol Coordinator" in the address on the last page of
     the protocol abstract mailer.

 94. Move the line "Please initial here if summary is satisfactory
     to you ..." following the line "Please list/attach any 
     citations resulting from this study" on the last page of
     the protocol abstract mailer.

 95. Insert "If the status of this protocol has changed, please
     indicate the current status:
           Approved
           Active
           Temporarily Closed
           Closed
           Completed
           Withdrawn"
     preceding the line "Please list/attach any citations resulting
     from this study" on the last page of the protocol abstract
     mailer.

 96. Add the list of statuses and status definitions from the
     cover page of the status and participant site check mailers
     to the last page of the protocol abstract mailers.

 97. Include a count of all protocols with which the physician
     is affiliated in the physician mailers.  Details from
     Margaret to follow on how this information is to be
     determined, and how it should be presented.
